This young man's physical strength is a good sister-in-law
It's not what you think.
I know I know hum
Young master
That guy is awesome
I can't beat him at all
He, he, he asked me to bring you flowers
What did he say?
This time the young master is in a good mood
Let you go
Next time
He let you know why the flowers are so red
How dare you talk to me like that?
Give me the fastest speed
Get all the news about this kid
I'm going to make him kneel on the ground and beg me yes
Boss Yang is here
Have a sip of tea first
Thank you for your busy schedule.
Take the time to inspect my small mountain village
I came here mainly to find someone
I didn't expect to see this
Your geographical environment is so good.
And the scenery is so beautiful
Is it very suitable for a resort?
Yes, yes, I said that to you.
I really remember a piece of land
Especially suitable for meeting the resort
How about this?
I'll show you